Release: 10.5.0 (#9874)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/internal-developers/testing/releases/1050.md

4. Configure the Reviews by Category block: Now, you can configure the block based on your needs. Select the category you want to display reviews from using the dropdown in the block selector.
5. Check that the block is inserted to the Editor and no error appears.

| Before | After |
| ------ | ----- |
| ![image](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/assets/20469356/7444c66f-8c86-4444-a1ee-419b38eeba25)  |  ![image](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/assets/20469356/da76db67-6d7d-460d-8737-be1a6201b06d)  |

### Allow Customer Account Block to be found with keyword "My Account". ([9815](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9815))

1. Create a new post: To do this, navigate to Posts > Add New from the WordPress dashboard.
2. Open the inserter and search for "My account".
3. Check if Customer Account Block shows up.

### Ensure the "Change Address" button is visible in the cart even if local pickup is selected. ([9809](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9809))

1. Ensure you are using the Cart block.

> 2. Go to /wp-admin/profile.php and ensure your test account has a (shipping) address.

Reviewer: This address could be changed so it's possible to test with the admin user:

```suggestion
2. Go to `/my-account/edit-address/` and ensure your test account has a (shipping) address.
```

1. Create a post or page and open the _Patterns_ tab in the inserter.
2. Search for `product collections`.
3. Verify the word _Collections_ is capitalized in all the available patterns.

### Prevent Mini-Cart drawer to show horizontal scrollbar if the system has visible scrollbars. ([9676](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9676))

1. Set up your browser so scrollbars are visible (see [instructions for Mac](https://support.vagaro.com/hc/en-us/articles/204347160-Disable-Disappearing-Scroll-Bars-on-Mac-Computers), on GNOME it's under Settings > Accessibility).
2. Add the Mini-Cart block to the header of your store.
3. In the frontend, open the Mini-Cart drawer and verify there is no horizontal scrollbar in the contents table.

Before | After
--- | ---
![imatge](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/assets/3616980/084b8dee-aff3-435a-aaec-b231609afe6e) | ![imatge](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/assets/3616980/1db799a4-cd27-4c06-9acf-b18ffa96bad1)

### Add RTL preview support for mini-cart. ([9756](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9756))

> 1. Add post/page and insert the mini-cart block.

Reviewer: I would update this step to clarify it needs to be done in a block theme:
```suggestion
1. On a block theme (ie: Twenty Twenty Three), create a new post/page and insert the mini-cart block.
```

2. Enable the option "Enable tax rates and calculations".
3. Click on the "Tax" tab.
4. Click on "Standard Rates" and configure a tax rate. Save.
5. Click on the "Tax" tab.
6. Set the "Display prices during cart and checkout" option to "Including Tax".
7. Now set up a Shipping method going to WooCommerce > Settings > Shipping > Add shipping zone. Create the zone and add a shipping method with a price different from 0.
8.  With the Site Editor adds the Mini Cart in the header.
9. On the front end, add a product to the cart and go to the Cart page, so shipping price is calculated.
10. Go back to the Shop page
11. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows the price including the tax, but not including the Shipping prive.
12. Hover the Mini Cart.
13. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows always the same price.
14. Open the WooCommerce Settings.
15. Click on the "Tax" tab.
16. Set the "Display prices during cart and checkout" option to "Excluding Tax".
17. On the front end, add a product to the cart.
18. Refresh the page.
19. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows the price excluding the tax.
20. Hover the Mini Cart.
21. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows always the same price.

> ### Products block: fix compatibility with Gutenberg 16. ([9878](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9878))

Reviewer: The ID of this PR seems to be wrong.

```suggestion
### Products block: fix compatibility with Gutenberg 16. ([9886](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9886))
```
